# 714. Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock with Transaction Fee

// After spending quite some time on writing down how cash and hold evolve at each time step, I think I got it: hold: this is your balance when you last bought a stock \(cash-current\_price\). It does not get updated unless you buy a stock again. And you only buy a stock if the price goes down more than fee since you last sold the stock, this is done by comparing your last balance to what your balance would be if you were to sell it now. This is trick1: you don't want to buy unless the price goes down more than fee because even if the price goes back up again after this, you'll make more money by holding on to your previous position.

cash: this is your PnL when you last sold a stock. You compare this to the updated PnL you would have if you should sell now given your last balance: this is where trick2 lies: hold keeps the information on what price you bought last, so if you bought it and didn't sell it yet, you can sell if you make money or if you did sell it you compare it to your last sell price and update the price you sell on that last buy.

and then finally trick3 \(how you make sure you don't buy more than once and sell more than once\): if you bought but didn't sell yet, then price didn't go up more than fee yet, and cash doesn't get updated, and since your hold is currently cash-previous\_price\_youbought, this is compared to same amount -current\_price, therefore you will never buy twice. as for selling twice, this is handled by the same mechanism in trick2. class Solution { public int maxProfit\(int\[\] prices, int fee\) { int profit = 0; int hold = -prices\[0\]; for \(int i = 0; i &lt; prices.length; i++\) { profit = Math.max\(profit, hold + prices\[i\] - fee\); hold = Math.max\(hold, profit - prices\[i\]\); } return profit; } }

